<html>
<head>
<title>Federal Register, Volume 91 Issue 159 (Wednesday, August 19, 2026)</title>
</head>
<body><pre>
[Federal Register Volume 91, Number 159 (Wednesday, August 19, 2026)]
[Notices]
[Pages 53686-53693]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Publishing Office [<a href="http://www.gpo.gov">www.gpo.gov</a>]
[FR Doc No: 2026-16854]


-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

[Release No. 34-106137; File No. SR-CboeBZX-2026-065]


Self-Regulatory Organizations; Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc.; Notice of 
Filing of a Proposed Rule Change To List and Trade Shares of 3x Gold 
ETF, 3x Silver ETF, 3x Bitcoin ETF, 3x Ether ETF, 3x Crude Oil ETF, and 
3x Natural Gas ETF, Each a Series of the VS Trust, Under BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4) (Commodity-Based Trust Shares)

August 14, 2026.
    Pursuant to Section 19(b)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
(the ``Act''),\1\ and Rule 19b-4 thereunder,\2\ notice is hereby given 
that on August 10, 2026, Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc. (the ``Exchange'' or 
``BZX'') filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the 
``Commission'') the proposed rule change as described in Items I, II, 
and III below, which Items have been prepared by the Exchange. The 
Commission is publishing this notice to solicit comments on the 
proposed rule change from interested persons.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \1\ 15 U.S.C. 78s(b)(1).
    \2\ 17 CFR 240.19b-4.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

I. Self-Regulatory Organization's Statement of the Terms of Substance 
of the Proposed Rule Change

    Cboe BZX Exchange, Inc. (``BZX'' or the ``Exchange'') is filing 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (``Commission'' or ``SEC'') 
a proposed rule change to list and trade shares of 3x Gold ETF, 3x 
Silver ETF, 3x Bitcoin ETF, 3x Ether ETF, 3x Crude Oil ETF, and 3x 
Natural Gas ETF (each, a ``Fund'' and together, the ``Funds''), each a 
series of the VS Trust (the ``Trust''), under BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4), 
which sets forth generic listing standards for Commodity-Based Trust 
Shares.
    The text of the proposed rule change is also available on the 
Commission's website (<a href="https://www.sec.gov/rules/sro.shtml">https://www.sec.gov/rules/sro.shtml</a>), the 
Exchange's website (<a href="https://www.cboe.com/us/equities/regulation/rule_filings/bzx/">https://www.cboe.com/us/equities/regulation/rule_filings/bzx/</a>), and at the principal office of the Exchange.

II. Self-Regulatory Organization's Statement of the Purpose of, and 
Statutory Basis for, the Proposed Rule Change

    In its filing with the Commission, the Exchange included statements 
concerning the purpose of and basis for the proposed rule change and 
discussed any comments it received on the proposed rule change. The 
text of these statements may be examined at the places specified in 
Item IV below. The Exchange has prepared summaries, set forth in 
sections A, B, and C below, of the most significant aspects of such 
statements.

A. Self-Regulatory Organization's Statement of the Purpose of, and 
Statutory Basis for, the Proposed Rule Change

1. Purpose
    The Exchange proposes to list and trade Shares of each of the Funds 
under BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4), which governs the listing and trading of 
Commodity-Based Trust Shares on the Exchange.\3\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \3\ See Securities Exchange Act Nos. 103995 (September 17, 2025) 
90 FR 45414 (September 22, 2025) (SR-CboeBZX-2025-104) (Order 
Granting Accelerated Approval of Proposed Rule Changes, as Modified 
by Amendments Thereto, To Adopt Generic Listing Standards for 
Commodity-Based Trust Shares) (the ``Approval Order''); 106011 (July 
29, 2026) 91 FR 48957 (August 3, 2026) (SR-CboeBZX-2026-061) (Order 
Granting Accelerated Approval of a Proposed Rule Change to Amend 
Rule 14.11(e)(4) (Commodity-Based Trust Shares)) (the 
``Amendment''), which amended the generic listing standards to, 
among other things, permit actively-managed Commodity-Based Trust 
Shares, add a definition of ``digital commodity,'' and allow up to 
15% of the net asset value of a trust's holdings to consist of 
certain assets that do not meet the generic eligibility criteria.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Each Fund seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, 
that correspond to three times (3x) the daily performance of a 
particular commodity: gold, silver, bitcoin, ether, light sweet crude 
oil, and natural gas (for each Fund, the ``Reference Commodity''), and 
measures the performance of that Reference Commodity using the price of 
the Reference Commodity in a specified portfolio of first-month or 
second-month futures contracts on the Reference Commodity (for each 
Fund, a ``Benchmark''), as further described under ``Description of the 
Funds'' below.
    The Funds will pursue their investment objectives by investing in 
futures contracts that comprise the Benchmark (``Benchmark Futures 
Contracts''), together with cash and Cash Equivalents (as defined in 
BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(C)(iv)) that will serve as collateral or margin 
for a Fund's investments. The Sponsor (defined below) will increase and 
decrease the number of Benchmark Futures Contracts that each Fund holds 
in order to accommodate purchases and redemptions of Shares and to 
account for changes in the value of the Benchmark so that each Fund can 
meet its daily investment objective.
    To the extent that Benchmark Futures Contracts become unavailable 
for investment (for example, due to price limits, accountability 
levels, increased margin levels, exchange position limits, margin 
requirements, futures commission merchant (``FCM'')-imposed position 
limits, or FCM risk mitigation requirements), the Funds may invest in: 
(i) futures contracts on the Reference Commodity that settle beyond the 
second month; (ii) exchange-traded funds (``ETFs'') that provide 
exposure to the Reference Commodity; \4\ (iii) exchange-traded products 
(``ETPs'') that provide exposure to the Reference Commodity; \5\ and 
(iv) listed options on ETFs, ETPs or Benchmark Futures Contracts. 
Investing in these instruments allows each Fund to continue to meet its 
daily investment objective when Benchmark Futures Contracts are 
unavailable. The ETPs and ETFs in which a Fund may invest, as 
identified for each Fund below, are referred to collectively herein as 
the ``Benchmark-Linked ETPs'' and ``Benchmark-Linked ETFs'', 
respectively. All of a Fund's investments are eligible investments for 
a Commodity-Based Trust Share to be listed and traded under the generic 
Commodity-Based Trust Shares Rules, as discussed below.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \4\ ETFs are investment companies registered under the 
Investment Company Act that operate pursuant to Rule 6c-11 under the 
Investment Company Act of 1940 (the ``Investment Company Act'') or 
an exemptive order issued by the Commission and whose shares are 
registered under the Securities Act of 1933 (the ``Securities 
Act'').
    \5\ ETPs are funds whose shares are registered under the 
Securities Act, but are not registered as investment companies under 
the Investment Company Act.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    The Funds do not meet the standard set forth in BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4)(F), which prohibits leveraged products.\6\ Because each 
Fund seeks daily results, before fees and expenses, equal to three 
times (3x) the daily performance of its Benchmark, the Funds do not 
satisfy that standard.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \6\ Under BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(F), ``[t]he Trust may not seek, 
directly or indirectly, to provide investment returns that 
correspond to the performance of an index, benchmark, or reference 
value by a specified multiple, or to provide investment returns that 
have an inverse or multiple inverse relationship to the performance 
of an index, benchmark, or reference value, over a predetermined 
period of time.''
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(A) provides that the ``Exchange. . .may submit 
a rule

[[Page 53687]]

filing pursuant to Section 19(b) of the Exchange Act to permit the 
listing and trading of Commodity-Based Trust Shares that do not meet 
the standards set forth in this BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4) on an initial or 
continuing basis.'' The Exchange is, accordingly, proposing to list the 
Shares pursuant to a rule filing under Section 19(b). In proposing to 
list the Shares pursuant to BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4), each Fund and its 
Shares will comply with all other provisions of BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4), 
as amended.
Description of the Trust
    The Trust \7\ will file a registration statement on Form S-1 under 
the Securities Act of 1933 (the ``1933 Act'').\8\ The Trust currently 
operates as, and is registered as, a commodity pool with the U.S. 
Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the ``CFTC''), and the Funds will 
operate as, and be registered as, commodity pools with the CFTC. 
Neither the Trust nor any Fund will be registered as an investment 
company under the Investment Company Act of 1940.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \7\ The Trust is organized as a statutory trust under the 
Delaware Statutory Trust Act (``DSTA''). Each Fund will operate as a 
``series'' of the Trust pursuant to Sec.  3806(b) of the DSTA.
    \8\ The description of the Funds and their Shares contained 
herein are based on a draft of the registration statement. A 
registration statement for the Trust is not yet effective, and the 
Shares will not trade on the Exchange until such time that the 
registration statement is effective.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Description of the Fund's Service Providers
    Volatility Shares LLC is the sponsor (the ``Sponsor'') of the Trust 
\9\ and is a commodity pool operator pursuant to the Commodity Exchange 
Act and is registered with the CFTC. The Sponsor is a service provider 
to the Trust and performs day-to-day management of the assets of the 
Funds. U.S. Bancorp Fund Services, LLC is the transfer agent, fund 
accountant, and Administrator for the Trust and the Funds 
(``Administrator''). U.S. Bank National Association serves as custodian 
for the Trust (the ``Custodian'').
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \9\ The Sponsor, whose principal office is located at 2000 PGA 
Boulevard, Suite 4440, Palm Beach Gardens, FL 33408, manages the 
Trust and will manage the Funds. Wilmington Trust, National 
Association, a national banking association, is the sole Trustee of 
the Trust. The rights and duties of the Trustee and the Sponsor with 
respect to the offering of the Shares and Fund management and the 
shareholders are governed by the provisions of the DSTA and by the 
Trust Agreement between Wilmington Trust, National Association and 
the Sponsor. Under the Trust Agreement, the Sponsor has exclusive 
management and control of all aspects of the Trust's business.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Description of the Funds
3x Gold ETF
    The Fund seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, 
that correspond to three times (3x) the daily performance of gold, as 
measured by the daily changes in the price of a specified portfolio of 
first- and second-month futures contracts on gold that will trade on 
the Commodity Exchange, Inc. (``COMEX''), a subsidiary of the CME Group 
Inc. (the ``Gold Futures Benchmark''). The Gold Futures Benchmark will 
comprise a portfolio of futures positions that will roll over a period 
of five business days in each of January, March, May, July, September, 
and November, beginning on the sixth business day and ending on the 
tenth business day of each respective month. Each day during the roll 
period, approximately 20% of the expiring futures positions will be 
rolled into a new contract with a longer dated expiry.
    The Fund will not invest in physical gold, but rather seeks to 
achieve its investment objective primarily through investment in 
futures contracts on gold, cash, and Cash Equivalents (as defined in 
BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(C)(iv)). The futures contracts in which the Fund 
invests will trade primarily on COMEX, but may trade on any other 
exchange that is a DCM and ISG member (as such terms are defined 
herein) (together, the ``Gold Futures Contracts'').
    To the extent that Gold Futures Contracts comprising the Gold 
Futures Benchmark become unavailable for investment (for example, due 
to price limits, accountability levels, exchange position limits, 
margin requirements, FCM-imposed position limits, or FCM risk 
mitigation requirements), the Fund may invest in: (i) futures contracts 
on gold that settle beyond the second month; (ii) shares of other ETPs 
that provide exposure to gold (``Gold-Linked ETPs''); (iii) shares of 
ETFs that provide exposure to gold (``Gold-Linked ETFs''); and (iv) 
exchange traded options on Gold Futures Contracts, Gold-Linked ETPs or 
Gold-Linked ETFs.
3x Silver ETF
    The Fund seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, 
that correspond to three times (3x) the daily performance of silver, as 
measured by the daily changes in the price of a specified portfolio of 
first- and second-month futures contracts on silver that will trade on 
COMEX (the ``Silver Futures Benchmark''). The Silver Futures Benchmark 
will comprise a portfolio of futures positions that will roll over a 
period of five business days in each of February, April, June, August, 
and November, beginning on the sixth business day and ending on the 
tenth business day of each respective month. Each day during the roll 
period, approximately 20% of the expiring futures positions will be 
rolled into a new contract with a longer dated expiry.
    The Fund does not invest in physical silver, but rather seeks to 
achieve its investment objective primarily through investment in 
futures contracts on silver, cash, and Cash Equivalents (as defined in 
BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(C)(iv)). The futures contracts in which the Fund 
invests will trade primarily on COMEX, but may trade on any other 
exchange that is a DCM and ISG member (as such terms are defined 
herein) (together, the ``Silver Futures Contracts'').
    To the extent that Silver Futures Contracts comprising the Silver 
Futures Benchmark become unavailable for investment (for example, due 
to price limits, accountability levels, exchange position limits, 
margin requirements, FCM-imposed position limits, or FCM risk 
mitigation requirements), the Fund may invest in: (i) futures contracts 
on silver that settle beyond the second month; (ii) shares of other 
ETPs that provide exposure to silver (``Silver-Linked ETPs''); (iii) 
shares of ETFs that provide exposure to silver (``Silver-Linked 
ETFs''); and (iv) exchange traded options on Silver Futures Contracts, 
Silver-Linked ETPs or Silver-Linked ETFs.
3x Bitcoin ETF
    The Fund seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, 
that correspond to three times (3x) the daily performance of bitcoin, 
as measured by the daily changes in the price of a specified portfolio 
of first- and second-month futures contracts on bitcoin that trade on 
the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (``CME''), a subsidiary of the CME 
Group Inc. (the ``Bitcoin Futures Benchmark''). The Bitcoin Futures 
Benchmark will comprise a portfolio of futures positions that will roll 
each month from the near month contract to expire to the next month 
contract to expire over a five-day roll period, beginning on the sixth 
business day prior to the expiry of the near month contract. Each day 
during the roll period, approximately 20% of the expiring futures 
positions will be rolled into the next month to expire contract.
    The Fund does not invest in physical bitcoin, but rather seeks to 
achieve its investment objective primarily through investment in 
futures contracts on bitcoin, cash, and Cash Equivalents (as defined in 
BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(C)(iv)). The futures contracts in which the Fund 
invests will trade primarily on the CME,

[[Page 53688]]

but may trade on any other exchange that is a DCM and ISG member (as 
such terms are defined herein (together, the ``Bitcoin Futures 
Contracts'').
    To the extent that Bitcoin Futures Contracts comprising the Bitcoin 
Futures Benchmark become unavailable for investment (for example, due 
to price limits, accountability levels, exchange position limits, 
margin requirements, FCM-imposed position limits, or FCM risk 
mitigation requirements), the Fund may invest in: (i) futures contracts 
on bitcoin that settle beyond the second month; (ii) shares of other 
ETPs that provide exposure to bitcoin (``Bitcoin-Linked ETPs''); (iii) 
shares of ETFs that provide exposure to bitcoin (``Bitcoin-Linked 
ETFs''); and (iv) exchange traded options on Bitcoin Futures Contracts, 
Bitcoin-Linked ETPs or Bitcoin-Linked ETFs.
3x Ether ETF
    The Fund seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, 
that correspond to three times (3x) the daily performance of ether, as 
measured by the daily changes in the price of a specified portfolio of 
first- and second-month futures contracts on ether that will trade on 
the CME (the ``Ether Futures Benchmark''). The Ether Futures Benchmark 
will comprise a portfolio of futures positions that will roll each 
month from the near month contract to expire to the next month contract 
to expire over a five-day roll period, beginning on the sixth business 
day prior to the expiry of the near month contract. Each day during the 
roll period, approximately 20% of the expiring futures positions will 
be rolled into the next month to expire contract.
    The Fund does not invest in physical ether, but rather seeks to 
achieve its investment objective primarily through investment in 
futures contracts on ether, cash, and Cash Equivalents (as defined in 
BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(C)(iv)). The futures contracts in which the Fund 
invests will trade primarily on the CME, but may trade on any other 
exchange that is a DCM and ISG member (as such terms are defined herein 
(together, the ``Ether Futures Contracts'').
    To the extent that Ether Futures Contracts comprising the Ether 
Futures Benchmark become unavailable for investment (for example, due 
to price limits, accountability levels, exchange position limits, 
margin requirements, FCM-imposed position limits, or FCM risk 
mitigation requirements), the Fund may invest in: (i) futures contracts 
on ether that settle beyond the second month; (ii) shares of other ETPs 
that provide exposure to ether (``Ether-Linked ETPs''); (iii) shares of 
ETFs that provide exposure to ether (``Ether-Linked ETFs''); and (iv) 
exchange traded options on Ether Futures Contracts, Ether-Linked ETPs 
or Ether-Linked ETFs.
3x Crude Oil ETF
    The Fund seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, 
that correspond to three times (3x) the daily performance of light, 
sweet crude oil, as measured by the daily changes in the price of a 
specified portfolio of first- and second-month futures contracts on 
light, sweet crude oil that trade on the New York Mercantile Exchange, 
Inc. (``NYMEX''), a subsidiary of CME Group Inc. (the ``Crude Oil 
Futures Benchmark''). The Crude Oil Futures Benchmark will comprise a 
portfolio of futures positions that will roll each month from the near 
month contract to expire to the next month contract to expire over a 
five-day roll period, beginning on the first business day of the month. 
Each day during the roll period, approximately 20% of the expiring 
futures positions will be rolled into the next month to expire 
contract.
    The Fund will not invest in physical light, sweet crude oil, but 
rather seeks to achieve its investment objective primarily through 
investment in futures contracts on light, sweet crude oil, cash, and 
Cash Equivalents (as defined in BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(C)(iv)). The 
futures contracts in which the Fund invests trade primarily on the 
NYMEX, but may trade on any other exchange that is a DCM and ISG member 
(as such terms are defined herein (together, the ``Crude Oil Futures 
Contracts'').
    To the extent that Crude Oil Futures Contracts comprising the Crude 
Oil Futures Benchmark become unavailable for investment (for example, 
due to price limits, accountability levels, exchange position limits, 
margin requirements, FCM-imposed position limits, or FCM risk 
mitigation requirements), the Fund may invest in: (i) futures contracts 
on light, sweet crude oil that settle beyond the second month; (ii) 
shares of other ETPs that provide exposure to light, sweet crude oil 
(``Crude Oil-Linked ETPs''); (iii) shares of ETFs that provide exposure 
to light sweet crude oil (``Crude Oil-Linked ETFs''); and (iv) exchange 
traded options on Crude Oil Futures Contracts, Crude Oil-Linked ETPs or 
Crude Oil-Linked ETFs.

3x Natural Gas ETF

    The Fund seeks daily investment results, before fees and expenses, 
that correspond to three times (3x) the daily performance of natural 
gas, as measured by the daily changes in the price of a specified 
portfolio of first- and second-month futures contracts on natural gas 
that trade on the NYMEX (the ``Natural Gas Futures Benchmark''). The 
Natural Gas Futures Benchmark will comprise a portfolio of futures 
positions that will roll each month from the near month contract to 
expire to the next month contract to expire over a five-day roll 
period, beginning on the sixth business day of the month. Each day 
during the roll period, approximately 20% of the expiring futures 
positions will be rolled into the next month to expire contract (the 
``Natural Gas Futures Benchmark'')
    The Fund will not invest in physical natural gas, but rather seeks 
to achieve its investment objective primarily through investment in 
futures contracts on natural gas, cash, and Cash Equivalents (as 
defined in BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(C)(iv)). The futures contracts in which 
the Fund invests trade primarily on the NYMEX, but may trade on any 
other exchange that is a DCM and ISG member (as such terms are defined 
herein (together, the ``Natural Gas Futures Contracts'').
    To the extent that Natural Gas Futures Contracts comprising the 
Natural Gas Futures Benchmark become unavailable for investment (for 
example, due to price limits, accountability levels, exchange position 
limits, margin requirements, FCM-imposed position limits, or FCM risk 
mitigation requirements), the Fund may invest in: (i) futures contracts 
on natural gas that settle beyond the second month; (ii) shares of 
other ETPs that provide exposure to natural gas (``Natural Gas-Linked 
ETPs''); (iii) shares of ETFs that provide exposure to natural gas 
(``Natural Gas-Linked ETFs''); and (iv) exchange traded options on 
Natural Gas Futures Contracts, Natural Gas-Linked ETPs or Natural Gas-
Linked ETFs.
Compliance With BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)
    The Funds do not meet the standard set forth in BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4)(F), which prohibits leveraged \10\ products. Because each 
Fund seeks daily results, before fees and expenses, equal to three 
times (3x) the daily performance of its Benchmark, the Funds do not 
satisfy that standard. In proposing to list the Shares pursuant to BZX 
Rule 14.11(e)(4), each Fund and its Shares

[[Page 53689]]

will comply with all other provisions of BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4), as 
amended.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \10\ Under Rule 14.11(e)(4)(F), ``[t]he Trust may not seek, 
directly or indirectly, to provide investment returns that 
correspond to the performance of an index, benchmark, or reference 
value by a specified multiple, or to provide investment returns that 
have an inverse or multiple inverse relationship to the performance 
of an index, benchmark, or reference value, over a predetermined 
period of time.''
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Purchases and Redemptions of Creation Units
    The Fund will create and redeem Shares from time to time only in 
large blocks of a specified number of Shares or multiples thereof 
(``Creation Units'') for cash. A Creation Unit is a block of 10,000 
Shares, or as otherwise determined by the Sponsor. Except when 
aggregated in Creation Units, the Shares are not redeemable securities.
    On any Business Day, an authorized participant may place an order 
with the sub-administrator to create one or more Creation Units. The 
total cash payment required to create each Creation Unit is the NAV of 
10,000 Shares of the applicable Fund on the purchase order date plus 
the applicable transaction fee.
    The procedures by which an authorized participant can redeem one or 
more Creation Units mirror the procedures for the purchase of Creation 
Units. On any Business Day, an authorized participant may place an 
order with the Administrator to redeem one or more Creation Units. The 
redemption proceeds for each Fund consist of the cash redemption 
amount. The cash redemption amount is equal to the NAV of the number of 
Creation Unit(s) of each Fund requested in the authorized participant's 
redemption order as of the time of the calculation of a Fund's NAV on 
the redemption order date, less transaction fees.
Initial and Continued Listing
    The Shares of each Fund will conform to the initial and continued 
listing criteria under BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4) except as otherwise 
provided herein. The Exchange represents that, for initial and 
continued listing, the Fund and the Trust must be in compliance with 
Rule 10A-3 under the Act. A minimum of 100,000 Shares of each Fund will 
be outstanding at the commencement of trading on the Exchange. The 
Exchange will obtain a representation from the Sponsor of the Shares 
that the NAV per Share for the Fund will be calculated daily and will 
be made available to all market participants at the same time.
Trading Halts
    With respect to trading halts, the Exchange may consider all 
relevant factors in exercising its discretion to halt or suspend 
trading in the Shares of the Funds. The Exchange will halt trading in 
the Shares under the conditions specified in BZX Rule 11.18 and Rule 
14.11(e)(4)(j). Trading may be halted because of market conditions or 
for reasons that, in the view of the Exchange, make trading in the 
Shares inadvisable. These may include: (1) the extent to which trading 
has ceased in the underlying commodity or Commodity-Based Assets 
comprising the Fund's portfolio; (2) the extent to which trading is not 
occurring in the securities and/or the financial instruments composing 
the daily disclosed portfolio of the Funds; (3) the existence of a 
national, regional, or localized disruption that necessitates a trading 
halt to maintain a fair and orderly market; or (4) whether other 
unusual conditions or circumstances detrimental to the maintenance of a 
fair and orderly market are present.
    In addition, the Exchange will halt trading in the Shares if the 
Exchange becomes aware that the Net Asset Value of the Fund is not 
being disseminated to all market participants at the same time, and 
will maintain such halt until the Net Asset Value is available to all 
market participants.\11\ Further, as required under BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4)(J), as amended, if the Exchange becomes aware that the 
information required by BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(E)(i) is not disseminated 
to all market participants at the same time, the Exchange will halt 
trading in the Shares until such time as such information is available 
to all market participants. The Exchange may also halt trading during 
the day on which an interruption to the dissemination of any of the 
following occurs: (1) the value of the underlying reference asset or 
index, if it is no longer calculated or made widely available on at 
least a 15-second delayed basis from a source unaffiliated with the 
Sponsor, the Trust, the custodian, or the Exchange; or (2) the Intraday 
Indicative Value, if it is no longer made widely available to all 
market participants on at least a 15-second basis during Regular 
Trading Hours; or (3) the information set forth in BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4), if it is no longer disclosed in accordance with the 
requirements of paragraph (E) of that Rule. If any such interruption 
persists past the trading day on which it occurred, the Exchange will 
halt trading no later than the beginning of the trading day following 
the interruption. If the Shares are trading on the Exchange pursuant to 
unlisted trading privileges, the Exchange will halt trading as 
specified in BZX Rule 11.18.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \11\ The Gold Futures Benchmark, the Silver Futures Benchmark, 
the Bitcoin Futures Benchmark, the Ether Futures Benchmark, the 
Crude Oil Futures Benchmark, and the Natural Gas Futures Benchmark 
are herein referred to as a Fund's ``Benchmark.''
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Firewalls
    If the value of the Shares is based in whole or in part on an index 
that is maintained by a broker-dealer, the broker-dealer will erect and 
maintain a ``firewall'' around the personnel responsible for the 
maintenance of such index or who have access to information concerning 
changes and adjustments to the index. Any advisory committee, 
supervisory board, or similar entity that advises an index licensor or 
administrator, or that makes decisions regarding the index composition, 
methodology, and related matters, must implement and maintain, or be 
subject to, procedures designed to prevent the use and dissemination of 
material, non-public information regarding the applicable index.
    In addition, if the Trust is affiliated with any entity that has 
the ability to influence the price or supply of a commodity, or a 
commodity underlying a Commodity-Based Asset, held by the Trust, the 
Trust will (i) implement and maintain a ``firewall'' between any such 
entity and the Trust; (ii) have written policies and procedures 
designed to prevent the use and dissemination of material, non-public 
information regarding the Trust; and (iii) have written policies and 
procedures designed to prevent fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative 
acts, practices, or courses of business with respect to the Trust and 
such commodity.
Surveillance
    Trading of the Shares through the Exchange will be subject to the 
Exchange's surveillance procedures for derivative products, including 
Commodity-Based Trust Shares. All of the futures contracts held by each 
Fund will trade on markets that are a member of ISG or affiliated with 
a member of ISG or with which the Exchange has in place a comprehensive 
surveillance sharing agreement.\12\ The Exchange, FINRA, on behalf of 
the Exchange, or both will communicate regarding trading in the Shares 
and the underlying listed instruments, including listed derivatives 
held by each Fund, with the ISG, other markets or entities who are 
members or affiliates of the ISG, or with which the Exchange has 
entered into a comprehensive surveillance sharing agreement. In 
addition, the Exchange, FINRA, on behalf of the Exchange, or

[[Page 53690]]

both may obtain information regarding trading in the Shares and the 
underlying listed instruments, including listed derivatives, held by 
each Fund from markets and other entities that are members of ISG or 
with which the Exchange has in place a comprehensive surveillance 
sharing agreement. The Exchange also has a general policy prohibiting 
the distribution of material, non-public information by its employees. 
All statements and representations made in this filing regarding the 
description of the reference assets, limitations on portfolio holdings 
or reference assets, dissemination and availability of the reference 
asset and IIV, and the applicability of Exchange rules specified in 
this filing shall constitute continued listing requirements for each 
Fund. The issuer has represented to the Exchange that it will advise 
the Exchange of any failure by each Fund or the Shares to comply with 
the continued listing requirements, and, pursuant to its obligations 
under Section 19(g)(1) of the Act, the Exchange will surveil for 
compliance with the continued listing requirements. If any Fund or the 
Shares are not in compliance with the applicable listing requirements, 
the Exchange will commence delisting procedures under Exchange Rule 
14.12.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \12\ For a list of the current members and affiliate members of 
ISG, see <a href="http://www.isgportal.com">www.isgportal.com</a>. The Exchange notes that not all 
components of each Fund's holdings may trade on markets that are 
members of ISG or with which the Exchange has in place a 
comprehensive surveillance sharing agreement.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Information Circular
    Prior to the commencement of trading, the Exchange will inform its 
members in an Information Circular of the special characteristics and 
risks associated with trading the Shares. Specifically, the Information 
Circular will discuss the following: (1) the procedures for purchases 
and redemptions of Shares in Creation Units (and that Shares are not 
individually redeemable); (2) BZX Rule 3.7, which imposes suitability 
obligations on Exchange members with respect to recommending 
transactions in the Shares to customers; (3) Interpretation and Policy 
.01 of BZX Rule 3.7 which imposes a duty of due diligence on its 
Members to learn the essential facts relating to every customer prior 
to trading the Shares; \13\ (4) how information regarding the IIV and 
the Fund's holdings is disseminated; (5) the risks involved in trading 
the Shares outside of Regular Trading Hours \14\ when an updated IIV 
will not be calculated or publicly disseminated; (6) the requirement 
that members deliver a prospectus to investors purchasing newly issued 
Shares prior to or concurrently with the confirmation of a transaction; 
and (7) trading information.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \13\ Specifically, in part, Interpretation and Policy .01 of 
Rule 3.7 states ``[n]o Member shall recommend to a customer a 
transaction in any such product unless the Member has a reasonable 
basis for believing at the time of making the recommendation that 
the customer has such knowledge and experience in financial matters 
that he may reasonably be expected to be capable of evaluating the 
risks of the recommended transaction and is financially able to bear 
the risks of the recommended position.
    \14\ See Exchange Rule 1.5(w).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Further, the Exchange states that FINRA has implemented increased 
sales practice and customer margin requirements for FINRA members 
applicable to inverse, leveraged and inversed leveraged securities 
(which include the Shares) and options on such securities, as described 
in FINRA Regulatory Notices 09-31 (June 2009), 09-53 (August 2009), and 
09-65 (November 2009) (collectively, ``FINRA Regulatory Notices''). 
Members that carry customer accounts will be required to follow the 
FINRA guidance set forth in these notices.
    In addition, the Information Circular will advise members, prior to 
the commencement of trading, of the prospectus delivery requirements 
applicable to each Fund. Members purchasing Shares from each Fund for 
resale to investors will deliver a prospectus to such investors. The 
Information Circular will also discuss any exemptive, no-action and 
interpretive relief granted by the Commission from any rules under the 
Act. In addition, the Information Circular will reference that each 
Fund is subject to various fees and expenses described in the Trust's 
registration statement. The Information Circular will also disclose the 
trading hours of the Shares of each Fund and the applicable NAV 
calculation time for the Shares. The Information Circular will disclose 
that information about the Shares of each Fund will be publicly 
available on each Fund's website.
2. Statutory Basis
    The Exchange believes the proposed rule change is consistent with 
the Act and the rules and regulations thereunder applicable to the 
Exchange and, in particular, the requirements of Section 6(b) of the 
Act.\15\ Specifically, the Exchange believes the proposed rule change 
is consistent with the Section 6(b)(5) \16\ requirements that the rules 
of an exchange be designed to prevent fraudulent and manipulative acts 
and practices, to promote just and equitable principles of trade, to 
foster cooperation and coordination with persons engaged in regulating, 
clearing, settling, processing information with respect to, and 
facilitating transactions in securities, to remove impediments to and 
perfect the mechanism of a free and open market and a national market 
system, and, in general, to protect investors and the public interest. 
Additionally, the Exchange believes the proposed rule change is 
consistent with the Section 6(b)(5) \17\ requirement that the rules of 
an exchange not be designed to permit unfair discrimination between 
customers, issuers, brokers, or dealers.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \15\ 15 U.S.C. 78f(b).
    \16\ 15 U.S.C. 78f(b)(5).
    \17\ Id.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    The Commission has approved Generic Listing Standards for 
Commodity-Based Trust Shares as set forth in BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4).\18\ 
In the Approval Order, the Commission found that the Generic Listing 
Standards were consistent with the Exchange Act and the rules and 
regulations thereunder applicable to a national securities exchange, 
and in particular that the Generic Listing Standards were consistent 
with Section 6(b)(5) of the Act. The Commission has since approved 
amendments to the Generic Listing Standards to, among other things, 
permit actively-managed Commodity-Based Trust Shares, add a definition 
of ``digital commodity,'' and allow up to 15% of the net asset value of 
a trust's holdings to consist of certain assets that do not meet the 
generic eligibility criteria, and likewise found those amendments 
consistent with Section 6(b)(5) of the Act. Each Fund and the Shares 
will comply with all applicable requirements of BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4), 
as amended, except that the Funds do not meet the standard set forth in 
BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(F) because each Fund seeks performance results 
that correspond to three times (3x) the daily performance of its 
Benchmark. BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(A) expressly contemplates that an 
exchange may submit a 19b-4 filing for Commodity-Based Trust Shares 
that do not meet all of the standards set forth in BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4), and the Exchange submits this filing pursuant to that 
authority.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \18\ Supra note 3.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    The Exchange believes that notwithstanding the Funds' deviation 
from BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(F), the proposed rule change is consistent 
with Section 6(b)(5) of the Act for the following reasons.
The Underlying Reference Commodities Satisfy the BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4)(D) Eligibility Criteria
    Each Fund achieves its 3x leveraged investment objective primarily 
through Commodity-Based Assets--principally Benchmark Futures 
Contracts--whose underlying Reference Commodities

[[Page 53691]]

independently satisfy the eligibility criteria of BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4)(D). Specifically, each of gold, silver, bitcoin, ether, 
crude oil, and natural gas underlies a futures contract that has been 
made available to trade on a Designated Contract Market (``DCM'') for 
at least six months, with respect to which the Exchange has a 
comprehensive surveillance-sharing agreement, directly or through 
common ISG membership. The Gold Futures Contracts and Silver Futures 
Contracts trade primarily on COMEX; the Bitcoin Futures Contracts and 
Ether Futures Contracts trade primarily on the CME; and the Crude Oil 
Futures Contracts and Natural Gas Futures Contracts trade primarily on 
NYMEX. COMEX, CME, and NYMEX are each DCMs and ISG members. Benchmark 
Futures Contracts also may trade on any other exchange that is a DCM 
and ISG member.
    In addition, the 3x leveraged structure of the Funds does not alter 
or undermine the surveillance rationale underlying the BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4)(D) eligibility criteria: each Fund achieves its leveraged 
investment objective primarily through Benchmark Futures Contracts that 
would be surveilled through ISG and DCM channels regardless of whether 
a fund sought non-leveraged exposure to the Funds' respective 
Benchmarks.
    The Funds also may invest in cash, Cash Equivalents, Benchmark-
Linked ETFs, Benchmark-Linked ETPs, and exchange-traded options on 
Benchmark Futures Contracts, Benchmark-Linked ETFs or Benchmarked-
Linked ETPs, all of which are eligible instruments under BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4).
The 3x Exposure Is Achieved Primarily Through CFTC or SEC-Regulated 
Instruments
    Each Fund typically will achieve its 3x exposure through Benchmark 
Futures Contracts, cash and Cash Equivalents that serve as collateral 
for margin purposes with respect to those Benchmark Futures Contracts. 
The Benchmark Futures Contracts are traded on CFTC-regulated DCMs, 
subject to CFTC oversight, position limit rules, accountability levels, 
and the full panoply of Commodity Exchange Act protections. The 
presence of CFTC regulation over the instruments held by the Funds and 
the markets on which those instruments trade mitigates the risk of 
fraud or manipulation that could affect the prices of those instruments 
and, in turn, the NAV and market price of the Shares.
    In addition, the exchanges on which Benchmark Futures Contracts 
trade (e.g., the CME, NYMEX or COMEX) set margin levels, and require 
margin to be posted by a Fund with any futures commission merchant that 
the Fund uses for Benchmark Futures Contracts transactions. The purpose 
of margin in futures contracts is to act as a performance bond. It 
ensures that both buyers and sellers have the necessary capital to 
fulfill their financial obligations and cover any potential daily 
losses. Futures commission merchants must abide by the rules of futures 
exchange and also those of the CFTC and the National Futures 
Association (``NFA'').
    As well, Each Fund operates as a registered commodity pool, and the 
Sponsor is a registered commodity pool operator subject to CFTC and NFA 
regulation. This additional layer of federal regulatory oversight--
beyond what a physical commodity-based exchange-traded product would be 
subject to--provides meaningful protections for investors and the 
public interest, further mitigating concerns about fraud or 
manipulation.
    The Funds also may invest in Benchmark-Linked ETFs, Benchmark-
Linked ETPs, and listed options thereon, as well as options on 
Benchmark Futures Contracts. Benchmark-Linked ETFs and Benchmark-Linked 
ETPs are well regulated under the federal securities laws. Listed 
options on Benchmark-Linked ETFs and Benchmark-Linked ETPs are 
regulated by the SEC primarily through oversight of exchanges and 
clearing agencies. It enforces strict rules on the brokers who sell 
them and mandates reporting to prevent fraud, while delegating day-to-
day enforcement and risk limits to various self-regulatory 
organizations, including Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. 
(``FINRA'').
BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(F)--Leveraged Products
    The Funds do not meet the standard set forth in BZX Rule 
14.11(e)(4)(F), which prohibits leveraged \19\ products. Because the 
Funds will directly seek to provide returns that correspond to three 
times (3x) their respective Benchmarks, the Funds are not eligible to 
rely on BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4) without separate approval.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \19\ Supra note 10.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    The Exchange notes that the Commission has recognized, in the 
context of ETFs, that ``the mere addition of active management to a 
portfolio that would otherwise qualify for generic listing as an index-
based ETF should not affect the portfolio's susceptibility to 
manipulation or the availability of arbitrage between the ETF and its 
underlying portfolio,'' and has stated that this principle holds true 
for Commodity-Based Trust Shares as well. The same reasoning applies to 
the Funds' leveraged structure: the 3x daily investment objective does 
not change the susceptibility of a Fund's portfolio to manipulation, 
because each Fund obtains its exposure primarily through the same 
Benchmark Futures Contracts--traded on CFTC-regulated DCMs that are ISG 
members--that would be surveilled regardless of whether the Fund sought 
leveraged or unleveraged exposure to the same underlying Reference 
Commodity. As the Commission has further observed, consistently 
applying listing standards across products with economic exposures to 
the same underlying commodities levels the playing field between 
issuers, which should promote competition and more readily afford 
investors greater investment options.
    The Exchange believes that Shares of the Funds are appropriate for 
listing and trading on the Exchange. Leveraged ETFs aim to give 
investors amplified exposure to daily market moves without the need for 
an investor to establish separate margin accounts and individually 
trade futures contracts or other derivative instruments. They also 
allow market professionals and institutions to effectively, quickly, 
efficiently and relatively inexpensively hedge other positions that 
they may have in their portfolio. The principal risks of investing in 
Shares are explained in detail in each Fund's prospectus. In addition, 
detailed information about Share performance, Fund holdings, and Fund 
value, among other things, will be available on a daily basis on the 
Funds' website, as discussed in greater detail below.
    Last, shares of approximately 67 exchange-traded investment 
products that seek performance of either three times (3x) or the 
inverse of three times (-3x) a benchmark or index are currently listed 
for trading on a national securities exchange: fifty one ETFs that are 
registered under the Investment Company Act and sixteen exchange-traded 
notes issue shares that are debt issuances of large financial 
institutions and are registered under the 1933 Act.
BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)--Other Provisions
NAV and IIV Transparency
    The NAV per Share for each Fund will be calculated daily and 
disseminated to all market participants at the same time. An intraday 
indicative value (``IIV'') for each Fund will be disseminated every 15 
seconds during

[[Page 53692]]

Regular Trading Hours through the facilities of the consolidated tape 
association (``CTA'') and Consolidated Quotation System (``CQS'') high-
speed lines and will be available through online information services 
such as Bloomberg and Reuters. This level of price transparency, which 
is consistent with the requirements of BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(E), is 
sufficient to enable market participants to assess the fair value of 
the Shares throughout the trading day notwithstanding the leveraged 
nature of the Funds.
    For the foregoing reasons, the Exchange believes that the policy 
concerns the Commission identified in approving the Generic Listing 
Standards are adequately addressed with respect to each Fund, and that 
the listing and trading of the Shares is consistent with Section 
6(b)(5) of the Act.
    The Exchange believes that the proposed rule change is designed to 
prevent fraudulent and manipulative acts and practices because, as 
described above, each of the underlying Reference Commodities satisfies 
the BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(D) eligibility criteria, the Funds invest 
primarily in CFTC-regulated instruments traded on DCMs that are ISG 
members, and each Fund is subject to CFTC oversight as a registered 
commodity pool. Each Fund's portfolio will be valued daily and the NAV 
per Share will be calculated and disseminated to all market 
participants at the same time. An IIV will be disseminated every 15 
seconds during Regular Trading Hours. The Exchange will halt trading in 
the Shares under the conditions specified in BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(J), 
including when trading is not occurring in the financial instruments 
composing a Fund's portfolio or when other unusual conditions or 
circumstances detrimental to the maintenance of a fair and orderly 
market are present.
    In addition, consistent with BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4) and the trading 
halt and firewall provisions described above, the Exchange will halt 
trading in the Shares if it becomes aware that the NAV of a Fund is not 
disseminated to all market participants at the same time, and may halt 
trading upon an interruption to the dissemination of the value of the 
underlying reference asset or the IIV, or where the information 
required under BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4) is no longer disclosed in 
accordance with paragraph (E) of that Rule. The Exchange will also 
implement the firewall requirements applicable to Commodity-Based Trust 
Shares, including, if the value of the Shares is based in whole or in 
part on an index maintained by a broker-dealer, the erection and 
maintenance of a firewall around the personnel responsible for the 
maintenance of, or who have access to information concerning changes 
and adjustments to, such index, and, if the Trust is affiliated with 
any entity that has the ability to influence the price or supply of a 
commodity (or a commodity underlying a Commodity-Based Asset) held by 
the Trust, the maintenance of a firewall between any such entity and 
the Trust together with written policies and procedures designed to 
prevent the use and dissemination of material, non-public information 
and to prevent fraudulent, deceptive, or manipulative acts, practices, 
or courses of business.
    The Exchange believes that the proposed rule change is designed to 
promote just and equitable principles of trade because the Trust will 
be subject to the full panoply of Exchange rules applicable to 
Commodity-Based Trust Shares, including BZX Rule 3.7, which imposes 
suitability obligations on Exchange members with respect to 
recommending transactions in the Shares to customers, and 
Interpretation and Policy .01 of BZX Rule 3.7, which imposes a duty of 
due diligence on members to learn the essential facts relating to every 
customer prior to trading the Shares. Prior to the commencement of 
trading, the Exchange will inform its members in an Information 
Circular of the special characteristics and risks associated with 
trading the Shares, including the procedures for purchases and 
redemptions of Shares in Creation Units, the risks involved in trading 
the Shares outside Regular Trading Hours when an updated IIV will not 
be calculated or publicly disseminated, and the prospectus delivery 
requirements applicable to each Fund.
    The Exchange believes that the proposed rule change is designed to 
remove impediments to and perfect the mechanism of a free and open 
market and a national market system because the Shares will be listed 
and traded on the Exchange pursuant to BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4), and each 
Fund will comply with all applicable initial and continued listing 
requirements thereunder, except as otherwise proposed herein. Each Fund 
and the Shares will be in compliance with Rule 10A-3 under the Act as a 
condition of initial and continued listing.\20\ A minimum of 100,000 
Shares will be outstanding at the commencement of trading. The Sponsor 
has represented to the Exchange that the NAV per Share of each Fund 
will be calculated daily and made available to all market participants 
at the same time. Pricing information, including the prior business 
day's NAV per Share, the BZX Official Closing Price, premium/discount 
calculations, and historical distribution data, will be publicly 
available on the Sponsor's website. Quotation and last-sale information 
regarding the Shares will be disseminated through the facilities of the 
CTA.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \20\ The Funds expect to rely on the exception under Rule 10A-
3(c)(7)(i).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    The Exchange believes that the proposed rule change is designed to 
protect investors and the public interest because the Funds will 
provide investors with access to a leveraged investment product 
overseen and operated by a commodity pool operator that can be traded 
throughout the day on a national securities exchange, while maintaining 
the transparency, surveillance, and regulatory oversight protections 
described above.
    The Sponsor is not a broker-dealer and is not affiliated with any 
broker-dealer; in the event the Sponsor or any of its affiliates 
becomes affiliated with a broker-dealer, it will implement and maintain 
a firewall with respect to access to information concerning the 
composition and/or changes to each Fund's portfolio. All statements and 
representations made in this filing regarding the description of the 
portfolio or limitations on portfolio holdings or reference assets 
shall constitute continued listing requirements. The issuer has 
represented to the Exchange that it will advise the Exchange of any 
failure by the Funds to comply with the continued listing requirements, 
and, pursuant to its obligations under Section 19(g)(1) of the Act, the 
Exchange will surveil for compliance with the continued listing 
requirements. If the Funds are not in compliance with the applicable 
listing requirements, the Exchange will commence delisting procedures 
under BZX Rule 14.12.

B. Self-Regulatory Organization's Statement on Burden on Competition

    The Exchange does not believe that the proposed rule change will 
impose any burden on competition that is not necessary or appropriate 
in furtherance of the purposes of the Act. The Exchange believes that 
the proposed rule change will enhance competition by providing 
investors with access to an additional set of exchange-traded 
investment products that seek leveraged exposure to commodities, 
thereby broadening the range of instruments available for trading on a 
national securities exchange. To the extent that the listing and 
trading of the Shares

[[Page 53693]]

attracts order flow to the Exchange, other exchanges are free to list 
and trade similar products pursuant to their own rules, including their 
own generic listing standards for commodity-based trust shares.
    The Exchange does not believe that the proposed rule change will 
impose any burden on intramarket competition, as the Shares will be 
available to all categories of market participants in the same manner 
as any other Commodity-Based Trust Shares listed and traded on the 
Exchange. All Exchange members will have equal access to trading the 
Shares on the Exchange, and the rules governing trading in the Shares--
including the Exchange's rules relating to order types, priority, and 
execution--will apply uniformly to all such members.
    The Exchange does not believe that the proposed rule change will 
impose any burden on intermarket competition. BZX Rule 14.11(e)(4)(A) 
expressly permits the Exchange to file a proposed rule change pursuant 
to Section 19(b) of the Act to list Commodity-Based Trust Shares that 
do not meet the Generic Listing Standards, and each of Nasdaq and NYSE 
Arca has an equivalent provision in its own generic listing standards 
for commodity-based trust shares. Accordingly, any national securities 
exchange with a comparable listing rule framework may seek Commission 
approval to list products similar to those proposed here. The proposed 
rule change does not confer any exclusive advantage on the Exchange or 
on any particular market participant.

C. Self-Regulatory Organization's Statement on Comments on the Proposed 
Rule Change Received From Members, Participants, or Others

    The Exchange neither solicited nor received comments on the 
proposed rule change.

III. Date of Effectiveness of the Proposed Rule Change and Timing for 
Commission Action

    Within 45 days of the date of publication of this notice in the 
Federal Register or within such longer period up to 90 days (i) as the 
Commission may designate if it finds such longer period to be 
appropriate and publishes its reasons for so finding or (ii) as to 
which the Exchange consents, the Commission will:
    A. by order approve or disapprove such proposed rule change, or
    B. institute proceedings to determine whether the proposed rule 
change should be disapproved.

IV. Solicitation of Comments

    Interested persons are invited to submit written data, views and 
arguments concerning the foregoing, including whether the proposed rule 
change is consistent with the Act. Comments may be submitted by any of 
the following methods:

Electronic Comments

    <bullet> Use the Commission's internet comment form (<a href="https://www.sec.gov/rules/sro.shtml">https://www.sec.gov/rules/sro.shtml</a>); or
    <bullet> Send an email to <a href="/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#4032352c256d232f2d2d252e3433003325236e272f36"><span class="__cf_email__" data-cfemail="7a080f161f57191517171f140e093a091f19541d150c">[email&#160;protected]</span></a>. Please include 
file number SR-CboeBZX-2026-065 on the subject line.

Paper Comments

    <bullet> Send paper comments in triplicate to Secretary, Securities 
and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street NE, Washington, DC 20549-1090.

All submissions should refer to file number SR-CboeBZX-2026-065. This 
file number should be included on the subject line if email is used. To 
help the Commission process and review your comments more efficiently, 
please use only one method. The Commission will post all comments on 
the Commission's internet website (<a href="https://www.sec.gov/rules/sro.shtml">https://www.sec.gov/rules/sro.shtml</a>). Copies of the filing will be available for inspection and 
copying at the principal office of the Exchange. Do not include 
personal identifiable information in submissions; you should submit 
only information that you wish to make available publicly. We may 
redact in part or withhold entirely from publication submitted material 
that is obscene or subject to copyright protection. All submissions 
should refer to file number SR-CboeBZX-2026-065 and should be submitted 
on or before September 9, 2026.

    For the Commission, by the Division of Trading and Markets, 
pursuant to delegated authority.\21\
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

    \21\ 17 CFR 200.30-3(a)(12).
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Vanessa A. Countryman,
Secretary.
[FR Doc. 2026-16854 Filed 8-18-26; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 8011-01-P


</pre><script data-cfasync="false" src="/cdn-cgi/scripts/5c5dd728/cloudflare-static/email-decode.min.js"></script></body>
</html>